*R, SQL, chart*

Hi, How are you doing?
Thanks for your job posting!
I am very overjoyed with your job because I have all skills which are needed for your job to be accomplished successfully.
I can do your task with R Language and SQL, Datatables and visualiszation with chart.
From my previous experiences as a Full-Stack Developer, I can deliver good qualitiy and timeline.
You can give me a test and I can satisfy you with my products.
Please contact me as soon as possible.
Thanks, Logan J.

* MERN *
Hello
Warm Greeting!
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to bide.
I am a full-stack developer with over 6 years in website development and I have rich experiences with MERN.
Regarding PHP, I have used Laravel and CodeIgniter as PHP backend frameworks till now.
I am confident that I can handle this project and satisfy your needs perfectly.
If you are serious with your task, please don't hesitate to contact me.
I am always ready for your production  medical application
Thanks, Logan J.

* Full Stack *

Hello. I am Logan.
Thanks for your project.
Your project appears very interesting to me.
I've read your description carefully and feel happy with your job.
I am a full-stack developer. Which stack do you want?
I have enough experience with ME(RAV)N and LAMP.
If you are serious with your project, please contact me and discuss requirements further in detail.
I am ready for you.
Thanks.

* React *
Hi, I am Logan, a full-stack developer.
I have deep knowledge of react js and I can deliver good quality on your project.
I have over 5 years of experience with react js and I have undergone so many cases, so I can do your project very quickly if you are clear with the requirements.
I am always ready for you and we can discuss details further.
Thanks

* React *
Hi, I am Logan, a full-stack developer.
I suit your work because I have deep knowledge and rich experiences with react.
I have been working as react developer for more than 6 years.
I want to join your team and collaborate with my skills.
Thanks.

* Ruby on Rails *
Hi, I am Logan, who is a Ruby expert.
I can help you with my rich experiences with Ruby on Rails.
I have used Ruby on Rails many times before and ended every project up in success.
I am ready for you and we can discuss more via chat.
Thanks.

* Blockchain *
Hi, I have worked on many dApps and NFT marketplace based on Ethereum Blockchain.
I have extensive several years of experience in developing and writing Smart Contracts for Ethereum Blockchain.
Now expert of Tokenomics and often used web3 to integrate several smart contracts to different blockchain to frontend design.
I can show my previous work in chat and you will be satisfied.
Hope to work with you. Thanks for posting.
